Tidy build workflow and documentation (#30)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/README.md

# The Specification Document

> The specification document is build using [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) from Markdown files through [MyST](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specification document is built using [Sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/) from Markdown files through [MyST](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/).
```
I think using the top level should mean the site automatically redirects based on browser locale, in case someone prefers non-en docs.

## Building the Specification Document

Building the document requires Python 3.

Clone this repository

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/sa-tre/satre-specification
```

Change to the `docs` directory

```console
$ cd docs
```

Create a virtual environment to hold the Python dependencies

```console
$ python3 -m venv ./venv
$ source ./venv/bin/activate
```

> Install the python dependencies (specified in [`requirement.txt`](./requirements.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the python dependencies (specified in [`requirements.txt`](./requirements.txt)
```

```console
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Use the [`Makefile`](./Makefile) to build the document site

```console
$ make html
```

> The generated documents will places in `build/html/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated documents will be placed under `build/html/`.
```
